PODSLUSHKA DB WEBSITE GUIDE

1. Starting the website

Open the project folder and run the launcher. If there is no launcher, run:

  python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
  python db_viewer.py

The local dashboard normally opens at http://127.0.0.1:8765/.

2. Sign in

Enter your username, password, and a 2FA code when enabled. New registrations
must be approved by the owner. Each role only sees the sections it is allowed
to access.

3. Roles

Owner manages projects, bots, access, and configuration.
Admin manages assigned bots and moderation.
Moderator handles submissions and users.
Read-only can view data without management actions.

4. Projects and bots

In «Bots», the owner creates a project, enters the school/city, and connects a
Telegram bot. Bot tokens are never displayed and are stored encrypted.
The bot must be an administrator of the target channel with permission to post.

5. AI

AI auto-publishing can be enabled separately for each managed bot or the main
legacy bot. Publishing only happens when the AI decision is safe and its
confidence reaches the configured threshold. Uncertain submissions stay in
manual moderation.

6. Notifications

The Telegram channel receives only important messages: maintenance mode,
website recovery, worker start/stop, and critical errors. Regular logins,
internal logs, and routine dashboard actions are not published.

To announce maintenance mode, set:

  SITE_MAINTENANCE_MODE=true

Set it back to false after the deployment starts to announce:
«The website is working again».

7. Security

Never publish BOT_TOKEN, MULTIBOT_ENCRYPTION_KEY, OWNER_PASSWORD, or OAuth
secrets. Change your password from the «Profile» section.

8. Independent monitoring

The repository includes an independent GitHub Actions monitor. It checks the
website every five minutes and sends Telegram messages only on state changes:
«Сайт на технических работах» when the site becomes unavailable and
«Сайт снова работает» after recovery.

Add these repository settings once:

  Secrets:
    BOT_TOKEN
    TELEGRAM_UPDATES_CHAT_ID

  Optional variable:
    SITE_URL

If SITE_URL is not set, the monitor checks:
https://podslushka-dashboard.onrender.com/

The monitor runs independently from the website, so it can report an outage
even when the Render web service is completely stopped.
